What is missing from historical argumentation in digital history? 
  - Some kind of middle-ground, you can look at the broader trends from afar and a select few close-up reads, but there is still the possibility of missing something there. I'm not really sure how to explain it, but if data is being examined in this way, only looking at the trends, there's a chance to miss the outliers that can indicate otherwise, or tell a different story. As with most of this weeks examples, emphasise was put on the quantity of reoccurences of terms and phrases, although other narrative might be found by looking into instances that deviate from the trends as that could possibly indicate something else. 
  - Personally, I'd say that the studying of the outliers is equally important as studying broader trends as whilst outliers can lead to whole new avenues of perspective and investigation, the broader trends help to give a baseline understanding of the subject against which the outliers can be compared to visualise the deviation between them. As shown in my favourite of this week's reading's "Big Data for Dead People" (That is a fantastic title), where the investigation into Sarah Durrant initially seems to be an outlier with aspects of her trial being rather peculiar for the time, such as the usage of certain terms ("Detective", "Plea Bargaining") and new judicial methods. However; in investigating this possible outlier, it comes to light that it is more indicative of the changing tides in the British Judicial system, which can be seen from the microscope-like view of her case and the analysis of the transcripts, and from the macroscopic level in analysing the wider trends. 
What is different about this process from what you have come to experience as historians in other classes? 
- Usually in other classes, at least the ones that I have taken, the historical process, begins and ends with the usage of primary documents that have been typed up / scanned from various sources. The extent of the work done to use documents in digital history is greater, but compared to regular documents, a lot more can be done with them a lot easier, by getting the machine to do all the work, albeit at the expense of accuracy.
How do the particular affordances of digital work change what you might know - and how you might argue it? 
- The affordances, for this instance, what you have access to, can obviously alter what you know. For instance, in the accessing of the newspapers using the Chroncling America database, I was able to notice something relating to the topic I had chosen as I have a decent knowledge of the topic and specifically the newspapers relating to that topic. My topic was Wyatt Earp and to my knowledge, the town of Tombstone, where the notorious gunfight at the O.K Corral took place had 2 competiting newspapers, the Epitaph and the Nugget, and each of them had opposing political stances, stances on the events that took place there, and the people involved in them; however, only the pages of the Tombstone Epipath are available online, giving a one-sided perspective on events. This is something that digital historians need to be aware of, is that a lack of information or having information from only a select number of sources or in some cases a single source can lead them down the wrong path or at least a path of misinformation. Limited access to information changes what you might know, and its difficult the argue against it, but it most probably means that the historians need to be more critical of the information in instances such as these. 
How much (or what) prior knowledge is a requirement for digital history arguments to make sense to a reader/viewer/user?
- At least a baseline level of prior knowledge is probably a requirement for digital history arguements to make sense to the user as in some of the abstraction of data, the graphs / charts / other visual mediums can be a bit overwhelming, especially with corpus which might just look like a mass of random words without any context provided for them. Although, having visual mediums like this be used without prior knowledge might be for the better as it might catch the user's interest by allowing them to search the visualised data, discovering the links, and allowing them to investigate for themselves.
